Add tasks owner (#11154)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/rich-zebras-design.md

---
'@backstage/plugin-scaffolder': minor
'@backstage/plugin-scaffolder-backend': minor
---

> - Add `listTasks` option to get tasks optionally filtered by a `userRef`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add `listTasks` option to get tasks optionally filtered by `createdBy`.
```

> - Add `listTasks` option to get tasks optionally filtered by `createdBy`

Reviewer: Maybe two separate changesets? 😅  This line needs an update too
